doc/nrf/changelog-known_issues: added records on NCSDK-33173 (#22483)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

Recovery with the USB does not work
  The MCUboot recovery feature using the USB interface does not work.

> NCSDK-33173: MCUboot might fail on booting an application when LTO is enabled.
>   The MCUboot might fail on booting an application when it is bilded with Linking Time optimization enabled.
>   This issue is transient, it affected only some MCUboot's builds for which it is reproducible in 100%.
> 
>   **Affected platforms:** all ARM Cortex-m nRF CPUs
> 
>   **Workaround:** To fix the issue, update the ``sdk-mcuboot`` repository by cherry-picking the upstream commits with the following hash: ``766081bd6dfe26057fdbe3dca5d8eb5f64681beb``
> 
>   .. rst-class:: v3-0-2 v3-0-1 v3-0-0 v2-9-1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. rst-class:: v3-0-2 v3-0-1 v3-0-0 v2-9-1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0

NCSDK-33173: MCUboot might fail on booting an application when LTO is enabled
  The MCUboot might fail on booting an application when it is built with Link Time Optimization enabled.
  This issue is transient, and affects only some MCUboot builds for which it is 100% reproducible.

  **Affected platforms:** All ARM Cortex-M nRF CPUs

  **Workaround:** To fix the issue, update the ``sdk-mcuboot`` repository by cherry-picking the upstream commits with the following hash: ``766081bd6dfe26057fdbe3dca5d8eb5f64681beb``

```

Recovery with the USB does not work
  The MCUboot recovery feature using the USB interface does not work.

>  .. rst-class:: v3-0-2 v3-0-1 v3-0-0 v2-9-1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v3-0-2 v3-0-1 v3-0-0 v2-9-1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0
```

NCSDK-33173: MCUboot might fail on booting an application when LTO is enabled
  The MCUboot might fail on booting an application when it is built with Link Time Optimization enabled.

>   This issue is transient, and affects only some MCUboot builds for which it is 100% reproducible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This issue is transient and affects only some MCUboot builds for which it is 100% reproducible.
```
